docs: edge comment about details (#569)
vuejs/vitepress: docs/guide/markdown.md

:::

::: details

> This is a details block, which does not work in Internet Explorer or Edge (before version 98)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a details block, which does not work in Internet Explorer or old versions of Edge.
```
